[DOC-7536] Document folders in CockroachDB Cloud (#17625)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/authorization.md

1. SQL level within a cluster: Each CockroachDB cluster has its own set of SQL users and roles defined in it. Roles grant users permission to execute some set of SQL statements against some set of database resources (like tables, databases) on the cluster.
1. Organization level: Each {{ site.data.products.db }} organization has a set of roles defined on it, which allow users to perform administrative tasks relating to the management of clusters, organization users, SQL users, and billing.

> - Roles can be assigned at the level of the organization (or the folder, if the organization is enrolled in [{{ site.data.products.db }} Folders (Limited Access)](folders.html)). Roles assigned at the organization level are inherited by folders, and roles assigned at the folder level are inherited by child folders and the resources contained within them.

Author: Done

This page primarily covers the latter, organization level. However, the two levels intersect because administrating SQL-level users on specific clusters within an organization is an organization-level function.

{{site.data.alerts.callout_success}}

> Organizing clusters using a third level called _folders_ is available in [Limited Access](/docs/v23.1/cockroachdb-feature-availability.html#feature-availability-phases). To learn more, refer to [Organize {{ site.data.products.db }} Clusters Using Folders](folders.html).

Author: Done

To learn more, refer to [Manage organization users](managing-access.html#manage-an-organizations-users).

The following {{ site.data.products.db }} organization roles can be granted:

### Organization Member

This default role is granted to all organization users once they are invited. It grants no permissions to perform cluster or organization actions.

> ### Org Administrator

Reviewer: Is there a reason why we use "Organization Member" and "Org Administrator"? I feel like we should harmonize this to one version or the other.

Author: I think these are actually the role names in the UI. @abhinavg6 WDYT?

To learn more, refer to [Manage organization users](managing-access.html#manage-an-organizations-users).

> The following {{ site.data.products.db }} organization roles can be granted to users or assigned to folders:

Author: Reworked this area.

- Manage SQL users from the cloud console.
- Create or delete a cluster.

> This role can be granted at the scope of the organization, on an individual cluster, or on a folder. If granted on a folder, it is inherited on the folder's clusters, descendent folders, and their descendants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This role can be granted at the scope of the organization, on an individual cluster, or on a folder. If granted on a folder, it is inherited by the folder's clusters, descendent folders, and their descendants.
```

Author: I think I want to leave it as "by" because a role is something that an identity has in a context. The folder is the context.

- Cluster Administrators for the whole organization (rather than scoped to a single cluster) can [create new clusters](create-your-cluster.html).
- Access the [DB Console](network-authorization.html#db-console).

> This role can be granted at the scope of the organization, on an individual cluster, or on a folder. If granted on a folder, it is inherited on the folder's clusters, descendent folders, and their descendants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This role can be granted at the scope of the organization, on an individual cluster, or on a folder. If granted on a folder, it is inherited by the folder's clusters, descendent folders, and their descendants.
```

Author: Same thing here.

### Cluster Creator

Cluster Creators can create clusters in an organization. A cluster's creator is automatically granted the [Cluster Administrator](#cluster-administrator) role for that cluster upon creation.

> This role can be granted at the scope of the organization, on an individual cluster, or on a folder. If granted on a folder, it is inherited on the folder's clusters, descendent folders, and their descendants.

Reviewer 2: nit: Cluster Creator on a cluster has no utility so maybe remove the individual cluster part

Author: Done

> This role can be granted at the scope of the organization, on an individual cluster, or on a folder. If granted on a folder, it is inherited on the folder's clusters, descendent folders, and their descendants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This role can be granted at the scope of the organization, on an individual cluster, or on a folder. If granted on a folder, it is inherited by the folder's clusters, descendent folders, and their descendants.
```

> This role can be granted at the scope of the organization, on an individual cluster, or on a folder. If granted on a folder, it is inherited on the folder's clusters, descendent folders, and their descendants.

Author: ```suggestion
This role can be granted at the scope of the organization or on a folder. If granted on a folder, it is inherited on the folder's clusters, descendent folders, and their descendants.
```

### Cluster Developer

Cluster Developers can view cluster details and access the [DB Console](network-authorization.html#db-console), allowing them to [export a connection string from the cluster page UI](authentication.html#the-connection-string), although they will still need a Cluster Administrator to [provision their SQL credentials](managing-access.html#manage-sql-users-on-a-cluster) for the cluster.

> This role can be granted at the scope of the organization, on an individual cluster, or on a folder. If granted on a folder, it is inherited on the folder's clusters, descendent folders, and their descendants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This role can be granted at the scope of the organization, on an individual cluster, or on a folder. If granted on a folder, it is inherited by the folder's clusters, descendent folders, and their descendants.
```

> ### Folder Admin

Reviewer: Another inconsistency between Admin/Administrator. I strongly prefer harmonizing this to one or the other. I also understand if this is inconsistent in the UI and we're at the mercy of what's in the product.

Author: @jramos-crl @abhinavg6 for product consideration. These are what the roles are called.

Reviewer 3: @mdlinville we should have a bigger conversation of how we might align other roles, but given how the API name is FOLDER_ADMIN we should keep it as Folder Admin here in the docs too.

{% include_cached feature-phases/limited-access.md %}

This role is available only when your organization is enrolled in the Folders Limited Access.

Folder Admins can create, rename, and move, or delete folders where they are granted the role, and they can also manage access to these folders. This role can be granted at the level of the organization or on a specific folder. If granted on a specific folder, the role is inherited by descendent folders.

> A user with the [Org Administrator](#org-administrator) role can grant themselves, another user, or a service account the Folder Admin role.

Reviewer 2: nit: service accounts are users so maybe something like "this role can be granted to any user (person, service account, or group)"

Author: I don't want to use the parenthetical so I'll iterate your suggestion a bit.

> A user with the [Org Administrator](#org-administrator) role can grant themselves, another user, or a service account the Folder Admin role.

Author: ```suggestion
An [Org Administrator](#org-administrator) role can grant any user or service account the Folder Admin role.
```

To create a cluster in a folder, the user must also have the Cluster Administrator or [Cluster Creator](#cluster-creator) role on that folder. To delete a cluster, the user must have the Cluster Administrator role, either on the cluster directly or by inheritance.

> This role can be granted at the scope of the organization, on an individual cluster, or on a folder. If granted on a folder, it is inherited on the folder's clusters, descendent folders, and their descendants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This role can be granted at the scope of the organization, on an individual cluster, or on a folder. If granted on a folder, it is inherited by the folder's clusters, descendent folders, and their descendants.
```

### Folder Mover

{% include_cached feature-phases/limited-access.md %}

This role is available only when your organization is enrolled in the Folders Limited Access.

> Folder Movers can rename folders and move resources within them, but cannot create or delete folders, and cannot manage access to folders or clusters. To move a folder, you must have the Folder Mover role on both the current location and the target location.

Author: Done

A user with the [Org Administrator](#org-administrator) or the [Folder Admin](#folder-admin) role can grant themselves, another user, or a service account the Folder Mover role.

> This role can be granted at the scope of the organization, on an individual cluster, or on a folder. If granted on a folder, it is inherited on the folder's clusters, descendent folders, and their descendants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This role can be granted at the scope of the organization, on an individual cluster, or on a folder. If granted on a folder, it is inherited by the folder's clusters, descendent folders, and their descendants.
```

### Cluster Developer

Cluster Developers can view cluster details and access the [DB Console](network-authorization.html#db-console), allowing them to [export a connection string from the cluster page UI](authentication.html#the-connection-string), although they will still need a Cluster Administrator to [provision their SQL credentials](managing-access.html#manage-sql-users-on-a-cluster) for the cluster.

> This role can be granted for specific clusters or for all clusters in the organization.

Author: Done

### Folder Admin

{% include_cached feature-phases/limited-access.md %}

This role is available only when your organization is enrolled in the Folders Limited Access.

Folder Admins can create, rename, and move, or delete folders where they are granted the role, and they can also manage access to these folders. This role can be granted at the level of the organization or on a specific folder. If granted on a specific folder, the role is inherited by descendent folders.

> A user with the [Cluster Administrator](#cluster-administrator) role can grant themselves, another user, or a service account the Folder Admin role.

Reviewer 2: +1 to what Jose said. Folder Admins can grant any relevant roles on folders and clusters to any user including themselves (within their scope)

> A user with the [Cluster Administrator](#cluster-administrator) role can grant themselves, another user, or a service account the Folder Admin role.

Reviewer 4: +1 to the above.  One technicality though: while Cluster Admins can't grant anything on FOLDERS, they can grant FOLDER roles on CLUSTERS.  This ends up doing nothing though, since Folder roles don't mean anything on a cluster.  

There is a story tracking a fix for this (https://cockroachlabs.atlassian.net/browse/CC-25058).  Not sure if this distinction is worth mentioning to customers though.

> A user with the [Cluster Administrator](#cluster-administrator) role can grant themselves, another user, or a service account the Folder Admin role.

Reviewer 3: We shouldn't mention that distinction if it isn't an intended behavior.

> A user with the [Cluster Administrator](#cluster-administrator) role can grant themselves, another user, or a service account the Folder Admin role.

Author: Done

To create a cluster in a folder, the user must also have the Cluster Administrator or [Cluster Creator](#cluster-creator) role on that folder. To delete a cluster, the user must have the Cluster Administrator role, either on the cluster directly or by inheritance.

### Folder Mover

{% include_cached feature-phases/limited-access.md %}

This role is available only when your organization is enrolled in the Folders Limited Access.

> Folder Movers can rename or move a folder or its descendent folders, but cannot create or delete folders, and cannot manage access to folders or clusters.

Author: Done

> A user with the [Cluster Administrator](#cluster-administrator) or the [Folder Admin](#folder-admin) role can grant themselves, another user, or a service account the Folder Mover role.

Reviewer 2: +1. Only Folder Admin and Org Admin can grant Folder Mover

> A user with the [Cluster Administrator](#cluster-administrator) or the [Folder Admin](#folder-admin) role can grant themselves, another user, or a service account the Folder Mover role.

Reviewer 4: +1

> A user with the [Cluster Administrator](#cluster-administrator) or the [Folder Admin](#folder-admin) role can grant themselves, another user, or a service account the Folder Mover role.

Author: Done, I think
